21h Sunday
all week 22 hours one hour
Who are we fighting for 2.0 these
energies yes yes good sense even tonight no
no it is to take two new
news i'm joking madamisation
it is present a room yes I have you
surprised there you go well ah yeah
quiet pretty voice you are
currently a little brunette and that the
the the cup jetta small brunette that
I saw twice when I came to
the hotel but I know it's you who have
the piercing
Yes
no it's not you who issued a key to
wheel in the hair for you
serve as barrett who was passionate about
car and who would have spoken how
it was not messing up and flying in
the hair is not you what is it
your name will not hire you
was on the fly did not ask your
security number yes but no yes yes if
I do not have the ibis hotel that's when
not even for lyon I mean what
what you see in me good bah shit
so what is your sign
astrological bulls so is waiting
the bulls I see he's going to meet
a guy by phone super nice in
the five seconds that happens to abala
listen I give you a break
barefoot booty and in 22 years to hold in
92 too yeah that's right she
shine day the wine the wine me barbolosi
name has no but I have a ball of
oh yeah crystal months as I thee
shows
here is where my son is
but I laugh at a family super with
my son said goodnight my darling
son your police dispatch was
possible to reserve a room then
very well then I'm going to take
are you board games
you wanted to play a game monfils yes
yes but that's the good pay Madame
stay no what did you want my son
monopoly but then he said that then I
do not know if you have the risk the
risk is here
had to scrabble ma'am the shit then
and you have a pool no longer good
he did not do much he confesses
lmc principal is so suddenly I can
come I can come anyway with my
son
by cons my son mangin actually he he
has a special diet
yes that they do not eat anything that
exists a he has a diet totally
Sunday food that aer is
to make sure it's called the diet
is offered here eat the air there
spit it out come this out there it
not grow at least that's for sure it costs
really cheaper and it's crazy
as at the friends of the bridge of the air
in the ranks of packs of laughs
carrefour air you know from
the air not flap it's sneakers
like that I buy a computer and laughing
which yes yes eh bah then we do it there
way to see yourself at the right ben we listen
in this case j -ferry three reserve
room
no sir joking does that my
son there as if I'm father of
family link chan not respectable and
respected in my area
so I'm a blacksmith then
the people who I am who takes care of
grooms I take care of horses to
my son told him what we would do
a real gaillarde to brive the
gaillarde
but here are the words this Beninese swimming pool
good just my son he loves water
john beugnot visas do not have either
do we do that then a pity to die
points in 8 min good and your little name
what is it then we sing and charlene
status let me drop your name as it's
I banged into double line is
I beat to see answers at the same time
your pill
why good then seriously you
want to do what there you call me there
what for why why do you call me
but not what I tell you I wanted
reserved a difficult room for my son
I push him to lola
you arrive at dawn
yes hello hello it's me also
pressure because I can also be
called fad but yes it's me there
also on the podium
I am not jesus everywhere and if you render
in a grove people you will find me
how are some of horror in a
room that makes in our subject
behind if he goes up with two lines on
the standard meyer bass and me too
it's a third aloha do not have
close why do you hang up doors
open where you can expect it to remember
time and I have three labels 3 why
Michel My Physio To Meet Sir
the darling winter
now we are at the top of the
energy building you can either
click left to see the video
moment we took the lightning you saw
look behind me pop we see the
lightning bolt lightning
energy click on the left video
to see when it's time to cut
squarely the nrj antenna right a
huge orgasm contest with tom
girls who came to orgasm
live and do not forget to subscribe
down guillaume pley pme y thank you
many everyone in any case from
more and more numerous on the page
youtube live broadcast on nrj
thank you everyone finds guillaume
on Facebook
on Twitter
on instagram
dap guillaume pley to find us